plugin: rename sopel.module into sopel.plugin (#1898)
sopel-irc/sopel: docs/source/plugin.rst

Callable decorators
===================

.. automodule:: sopel.plugin
   :members:

About ``sopel.module``
----------------------

> Before Sopel 7.1, ``sopel.module`` was the preferred and only way to decorate
> callables for plugins. However, since ``module`` can be confusing (mostly
> because it already has a special meaning in Python), it has been replaced by
> ``plugin`` in most case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before Sopel 7.1, ``sopel.module`` was the preferred and only way to decorate
callables for plugins. However, since the term ``module`` can be confusing
(mostly because it already has a special meaning in Python), it has been
replaced by ``plugin`` in most cases related to add-ons for Sopel.
```

N.B.: I haven't checked how this renders, and am not sure if I'd rather use `"` quotes instead of monospace, but… I also honestly don't think it matters.
